This document is just intended as a quick run-down of some of the terminology used in the scene/code. Nothing there is too terrifically difficult, but it may be helpful to have a summary.

The game is based around a container of water, fitted with a piston.

Tools:	There are 5 tools to manipulate the system:
	A burner to add heat, a coil to remove heat, a weight to add pressure, a balloon to reduce pressure, and a clamp to fix the volume.
	Each tool only affects the system when it's been placed in its "active" location.

Dials:	The effect of a tool is influenced by a slider on the workstation, which is referred to as a dial for some reason.

Buttons: There are two buttons, one to reset the system, the other to toggle whether we see a cross-section of the container, or just the whole container
	(which is non-transparent and thus would hide the water).

Graph:	There is a graph object which shows valid states for the system in terms of temperature, volume, and pressure. A small gray sphere shows the current state.

Regions: A region generally refers to a section of the graph corresponding to a state of the water.
	We could have regions corresponding to completely frozen water, completely liquid water, completely vaporized water, and combinations of these.
	Within the code, there are three regions of concern (involving liquids and vapors, presumably because ice isn't that interesting for the purposes of this game).
	Namely, "Region 0" refers to an all-liquid state, "Region 1" is a mix of liquid and steam, and "Region 2" is all steam.
	Note that the weight and balloon only have an effect in Region 2 cases.

Oracle, World, and ThermoState:
	In the scene, there is an object called Oracle. This is the object to which the World and ThermoState scripts are attached.
	World is responsible for initiating almost all of the updates and changes within the scene in response to user interactions.
	ThermoState is responsible for a few select things related to the state of the simulation.